Tinylog (#8226)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We trim white space and non-ASCII characters from DOI [#8127](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8127)
- The duplicate checker now inspects other fields in case no difference in the required and optional fields are found.
- We reworked the library properties dialog and integrated the `Library > Preamble`, `Library > Citation key pattern` and `Library > String constants dialogs` [#8264](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/pulls/8264)

> - We improved the startup time from JabRef by switching from the logging library `log4j2` to `tinylog` [#8007](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8007)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We improved the startup time of JabRef by switching from the logging library `log4j2` to `tinylog` [#8007](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8007)
```

- We fixed an issue where XMP and embedded BibTeX export would not work [#8278](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8278)
- We fixed an issue where the XMP and embedded BibTeX import of a file containing multiple schemas failed [#8278](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8278)
- We fixed an issue where pdf-paths and the pdf-indexer could get out of sync [#8182](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/8182)

> - We fixed an issue where Status-Logger error messages appeared on startup of JabRef [#5475](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/5475)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where Status-Logger error messages appeared during the startup of JabRef [#5475](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/5475)
```
